[Music]
We, your children, contemplate the Buddha,
our benevolent Father, walking around the stupa
where the Buddha delivered the Dharma
to sentient beings. We walk around in our
sandals, making a few circles. We have the image of the
Buddha, our benevolent Father,
walking barefoot, with three robes and one
bowl, alone, from Bodhi Gaya, the place of
enlightenment, to this place, hundreds of
kilometers. The Buddha, alone, holding the alms bowl,
walks leisurely, his
mind directed towards the five brothers,
representing the focus on the enlightenment
of sentient beings, towards the salvation
of sentient
beings. The Buddha is unique, unique,
only for the benefit of sentient beings, only for the
happiness of sentient beings. May the Buddha
bless us so that we may
practice the Dharma. The Buddha's merits will not be in vain. He
walked through rain and
storms for three countless eons to find the
Dharma, to find the Wish-Fulfilling Jewel
for us.
[Music]
Here is the point where our Buddha delivered his
first Dharma teaching after his enlightenment.
This teaching
is called the first blessing.
When the Buddha attained enlightenment, he
preached the first Dharma, the very first sermon.
Therefore, this is called the Sutra of the First Dharma,
meaning the beginning of his transmission of the Dharma to
sentient beings. We see here,
dear friends, that in all realms of existence, everything must have the
right conditions and causes. Therefore, this is where the Buddha
first delivered the Dharma. We also call this
marking our blessings, marking the
happiness of us sentient beings, isn't that
right? All sentient beings,
this is the first point, and this
is also where the Three Jewels were formed.
When the Buddha preached this sermon to the five
brothers Kaundinya, they
agreed to become
his disciples. Therefore, here, the
Three Jewels formed the field of merit for sentient beings.
That's why today
we are here, we are very
happy, aren't we, dear friends? Let us
contemplate that we are also here,
in the assembly where the Buddha preached his
first sermon, because when the Buddha
preached this sermon...  First, there are
many celestial beings gathered here, a large number of
Bodhisattvas and celestial beings, dear
Dharma friends, to listen to this Dharma talk. Let
us contemplate that in
some past life, we were also
in the assembly of the Buddha. Let's begin this
first Dharma talk, future Buddhas.
Because we, as Buddhists, can't
expect to achieve this or that in just
one lifetime,
right, dear Dharma friends? We sow
good karma for ourselves.
So here we know
that to gain merit and
attain Supreme Enlightenment, to have the karmic connections
and the assembly, our Buddha
sacrificed so
much effort and blood to
sow the seeds of karma for sentient beings.
Just this first Dharma talk alone, to
have the assembly of the five brothers, the
Nine Dusts of the World, the
Buddha sacrificed his body for the five
brothers. In one lifetime, the Buddha
was a prince who went into the forest and saw five
tigers, five mother and two children.  The tiger was
hungry because it had no strength left. A tiger needs
strength to
tear apart a human body to eat it. Even the mother tiger and her cubs
had no strength left. The Buddha's previous incarnation
cut his own blood so that the mother
tiger and her cubs could drink it and gain strength to
tear apart the Bodhisattva's body, to eat it,
and to relieve their hunger. This is how
almsgiving works. What kind of karmic connection does
such noble almsgiving create? Does it cause a profound emotional
impact? If it does, then the
person's mind becomes completely pure
towards the giver, right, dear friends? A
completely pure mind towards
the giver, therefore, the purity of many
lifetimes of gratitude to the Buddha, such purity, only then in the
final lifetime does the karmic connection become sufficient
to form the first assembly. When the
first assembly is formed, they must have pure faith in the
Buddha. If the assembly still has doubts,
how can they become the first
disciples? Therefore,
for those disciples who attain
Arhatship in the Buddha's lifetime, the Buddha will
guide them.  To attain Arhatship, the
Buddha must have sown the seeds of karma for them over many lifetimes, my esteemed fellow
practitioners, with the Buddha's blood and sweat
while practicing the Bodhisattva path, so that when they meet the Buddha again
in their final lifetime, and when he
attains Supreme Enlightenment, they will have pure faith
in the Buddha. We see that
our ungrateful hearts are not very numerous,
so we must receive noble
giving to
completely submit to the Buddha. For example,
regarding your teacher, my
esteemed fellow practitioners, do you see if your mind is
pure? We
must know that over many lifetimes, your teacher has
given alms to you, right?
We must also receive noble giving to achieve purity of
mind towards our teacher.
Therefore, we must be grateful for the
Buddha's kindness, my esteemed fellow practitioners.
His kindness is very precious. Because of this gratitude, we must
make a vow to practice diligently, my esteemed fellow practitioners. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni.  Venerable
Buddha, here we are.
Our Lord Buddha
preached the first sermon, the
Four Noble Truths. This sermon is also called the
truth, the truth of liberation, the
truth that leads to liberation, or the only method that
leads to liberation, the
correct method that leads to liberation, the true method that leads to liberation.
This is called
the Four Noble Truths. Dear fellow practitioners, the Buddha
pointed out to sentient beings that suffering originates
from within their
own minds. The Lord Buddha taught us that the
truth of suffering is suffering in this life. The truth is that there is
absolutely no
joy in this life.
Why is it called
suffering? We suffer from birth, old age,
sickness, and
death. We are born
into the womb, and because of our ignorance, we
don't remember. Being in the womb
is incredibly painful, very
painful. We develop under the
pressure of the mother's body, under the swaying
of the mother's body, under the rolling of the
mother's body, whether standing or walking.  When we sit
or lie down, we suffer greatly, but we just do
n't remember it.
When we are born, we
also suffer greatly because we are exposed to
the weather and we get sick. A
newborn baby cries, but we don't remember that
pain is what makes you cry. You only
cry when you're in pain; you don't
cry when you're not in pain. So, when we go out into the world and
experience changes in our environment and
air, we feel pain, burning pain, but
no one understands that pain.
All newborn babies
cry because of pain, not because
of happiness. Then we calm down, we
cry endlessly. We see babies
crying without pain. It's just that they
don't tell us, they don't describe it to us.
That pain is something we all
experience, we all
endure. It's a constant pain in
our bodies from birth to
death. Very rarely do we not feel pain,
right? If we don't feel one pain, we feel another. Sometimes we endure it, we get
used to it. And
then we grow old, and there's not a moment when
we don't feel pain.  The elderly are born
older the next day than the day before. We
define 17 or 18 as youth,
so we say 30 or 40 is old. That
concept of old age is inaccurate. Old means being
older than before,
so we are always
dominated by old age, aren't we? The general public is
always dominated by
illness from childhood to adulthood,
even our
teeth are replaced, aren't they? Nothing that doesn't hurt, nothing that
makes
us completely healthy, is old age. That's
completely wrong. Isn't that suffering? And
then we die again.
Before death, there is pain,
fear, and confusion. Before death, isn't that
right? Not knowing where we're going, far
from loved ones, not knowing what
life will be like next,
leaving possessions behind, taking nothing with us, isn't that incredibly confusing? And
then when we die, we
might be condemned to hell.
We are trapped in
endless torture, aren't we? Then, if we are
reborn as animals, we escape the suffering of
animals. Then, we escape the suffering of being
reborn as ghosts. We
see our family, but they don't understand
us. We need happiness, but they
burn paper money and offerings
for us—things we can't use. Isn't that right? At
that time, we suffer greatly, filled with anguish and
distress.
When we die, we are separated from our vast and boundless relatives,
not knowing
where to go, and we are met with a continuous stream of suffering.
Therefore, it is said that life is full of suffering. The suffering
of birth, old age, sickness, and death is constant;
everyone experiences it. The suffering of separation from loved ones is also experienced by
everyone because
we have loved ones who must die. So,
we all experience
unwanted separations. It's not just two lovers
separating; that's not the real
suffering. The real suffering is that we are always
separated from each other,
separated from our loved ones. We love
each other, but we still
have to be separated.  Living wholeheartedly for each other,
yet ultimately unable to be together, is
n't that right?
Parents may toil their whole lives for their children, but they
cannot have children because when their
children get married, they will leave them immediately. When they
find a lover, they will leave them immediately. So
our lives are filled with painful separations and
anxieties. That's the suffering of parting. Then, in
this life, we always live with
dissatisfaction, which is called resentment and suffering.
We always live with people who
don't meet
our expectations, which is called resentment and suffering.
We live
with unfulfilled desires, because our hearts are
so full of suffering, so we always wish for less
suffering, but those desires are not fulfilled. We wish for recovery from illness,
but the illness only worsens. We wish for
understanding, but we cannot. We wish not to be separated, but we are separated.
We wish for
wealth, but we do not have it. We suffer,
we only wish. If there were no suffering, we wouldn't
wish, right? But
who gets what they wish for? That's why we wish.
Suffering arises from the Five Aggregates. The Five Aggregates
are form, feeling, perception, volition, and consciousness. Sometimes they
increase, sometimes they decrease. The mind, in its contemplation, only speaks of
consciousness. When consciousness
becomes disordered, it becomes insane. Is there
suffering or not? When consciousness sinks,
it cannot distinguish or
recognize suffering or not. That alone is
suffering. And that's not even mentioning the mind, is it,
dear fellow practitioners? Therefore, the
Buddha taught that the world is suffering. This is the
truth. The Buddha said suffering, is it truly suffering?
That is the truth, dear fellow practitioners. As for the
cause of suffering, it is
our greed and attachment. Greed creates
karma, so whatever we create, we create karma. If we don't have greed and attachment,
then we will end the cycle of rebirth.
That is the cause of suffering, which is
our own greed and attachment. The way to eliminate suffering is to
practice the Eightfold Path, that is, to
practice the precepts and the righteous Dharma. That is,
we must think correctly about suffering and
its cause so that we can eliminate
the cause of suffering, which is greed and
attachment. Then we will be free from suffering. The Eightfold Path
is always for us.  We
must eliminate greed from the beginning, which is greed, and
further, the desire for worldly things. Greed is stealing, that is,
seizing what is not ours. The
desire for
worldly things is suffering. As long as we still crave worldly happiness, we will always
suffer in this world. The desire for
worldly things is suffering. The desire for what is not ours is
suffering. But as long as
we still crave and cling to what is ours in this world, we suffer. Only
when the cycle of rebirth ends will suffering cease. That is, when we
no longer covet
what belongs to others, no longer cling to what is ours, only then
can we escape the cycle of rebirth. The
suffering is the Noble Eightfold Path, the
path and the destination we reach, the place of
absolute freedom from suffering, from birth, from
illusion, from sickness, from death, from the
eight sufferings. That is Nirvana, the
only one. The Buddha showed us this,
and it is here. This has been
said, this has been transmitted to the
world, this is where the Buddha transmitted the Wheel of
Dharma. Therefore,
we must remember the Buddha's grace.
If the Buddha had not pointed out
this truth, no one would know this
method.  Is liberation
merely the practice of wrong views?
We practice wrong views by bathing in river water
to wash away sins, praying to mountain gods, river gods, sun gods, or other gods,
God, or this or
that saint, to end suffering, without realizing
that these beings are still suffering from birth,
old age, sickness, death, unfulfilled prayers, and
all kinds of suffering. They are still
in suffering, and we go to where they
are suffering. They are doing things that
cause them suffering; going to them to ask for their
blessings to end their suffering is impossible, is
n't it? Therefore, we
see the preciousness
of this first teaching that the Buddha
sent down to this world.
This teaching is the truth. All subsequent teachings,
or all other teachings besides the Four
Noble Truths, are only ways
for us to practice the Four
Noble Truths. For example, those who are
successful in business at home are said to
have Right View and Right Thought, which
we can use to achieve
success. It is the Eightfold Path.  The Noble Eightfold Path
is the only thing that matters; everything else is merely an
interpretation, a connection
to life, to suffering,
to liberation, for us to practice.
For example, practicing mindfulness,
practicing the Four Foundations of Mindfulness, the Four Right Efforts, the Four Bases of Psychic Power—
all those things, faith, faith
power, and the seven factors of enlightenment—are all just for
us to understand and practice. It's still the Noble Eightfold Path, and still
belongs to
the Four Noble Truths. So today,
here we are, we are contemplating the
Buddha's grace and virtue. Only by contemplating his merits can we truly
contemplate his grace.
We contemplate the Buddha's Grace and Virtues. And we also bow and pray, hoping that for countless
lifetimes we will deeply penetrate the
Buddha's teachings, transmit the Buddha's teachings, and perform meritorious
deeds so that when we become Buddhas, we
can help sentient beings.
Later, when all sentient beings who have a
connection with the Buddha Shakyamuni's teachings are
gone, we will be the
ones
to continue the path, connecting ourselves and sentient beings with the
next Buddhas, and then we ourselves will
become Buddhas.  That's right, for
eternity, never abandon the
Buddha's teachings in this world. Only then will
sentient beings truly suffer less.
Today, when we come here to chant, each of
us can cultivate a diligent mind.
We only go a little way, and
we see that if it's sunny, we have to cover
this place and that place, right? Isn't that right? We're
afraid of everything, afraid of getting tanned, ugly, hungry, thin, and so on. Is
n't that right, dear fellow practitioners?
We're afraid of everything, from our own fears. That's when
we see the greatness of the Buddha. From our own fears, we panic at the slightest hunger. We get
irritable with each other. We are only peaceful when
we have plenty of money, right? But
when we are just hungry,
lacking water, lacking clothes, lacking
money to go out, we
immediately become unwholesome. How can we think about saving
sentient beings without thinking of ourselves? But
we must learn that virtue, because if
we don't learn it, we will be
like those who have to beg. We
give, and that's suffering, isn't it? The sick, the
infirm, the suffering, the afflicted in the cycle of
reincarnation.  It is necessary to suffer,
dear friends. Therefore, when we contemplate the Buddha's grace and virtue
in the Buddha's turning of the Wheel of Dharma,
we must attain the state of a Sangha mind,
which is to transmit the Dharma to
ourselves and then transmit the Buddha's Dharma to all sentient
beings. Only then can we truly circumambulate the Buddha's stupa, the one who turned the Wheel of Dharma, forever and ever, without ever ceasing. If we keep studying Buddhist teachings, we are circumambulating the stupa, constantly transmitting the Dharma to help people know the Dharma. Even a small thought is considered a
step in circumambulating the stupa. So, dear friends, remember that
each time we turn the wheel of
Dharma, let us remember the suffering of
sentient beings and remember the Buddha's grace
when he transmitted the Dharma. Then we
will benefit and be
happy. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni,
Namo Tathagata, the Tathagata, the perfect and complete Bodhisattva, the one who explains the world, the Supreme Being, the one who expounds the teachings, the teacher of
gods and humans, the
Buddha, the World Honored One. We respectfully present the
Buddha's complete ten titles, adorned with merit and wisdom,
to guide sentient beings into the stream of
liberation. Here, the true Dharma is
proclaimed, and sentient beings have the opportunity to attain it.
Liberation is found here, the Three Jewels are
formed, sentient beings have the opportunity to create merit,
all benefits for sentient beings are bestowed upon them
by the
Buddha, bestowed
upon the Dharma realm. Today, we, the
second pilgrimage group of
2023 from the Six Harmony Practice Club,
are
here to spread the
Dharma Wheel. We are truly happy to
know the Buddha's teachings, to
know the words of the
Buddha, so that we may lessen our
suffering. From this, we see how great the value
of
spreading the Dharma to sentient beings is.
Respectfully addressing our
Benevolent Father: When you had just attained enlightenment, three
weeks later, the demons invited
you to enter Nirvana.
From then on, we reflected that throughout countless eons, three asamkhya
eons of practicing the
Bodhisattva path, our Benevolent Father
always fought against demons. The
demons were always by our side,
challenging, hindering, and obstructing us.
Yet, His love for sentient beings
prevented him from ever
being subdued by demonic obstacles. The demons
followed him from his first steps, from his
first thought on the path to enlightenment, and yet
he...  Because of all sentient beings, having
escaped all obstacles, He always followed us. He
offered sensual pleasures as temptations and obstacles,
sometimes due to desires, sometimes due to
danger. Yet, our Compassionate Father,
out of love, overcame everything, even
danger to his
body and
life. The Buddha, our Compassionate Father,
wholeheartedly devoted to us,
wholeheartedly devoted to suffering sentient beings,
overcame
everything. We began on the path of
cultivation, following His example, hoping to
do something for sentient beings,
wanting to bring some
benefit to sentient beings and to
ourselves. But the obstacles from the
ego are truly
terrible, difficult to
overcome, always creating evil karma. We know it
is the Bodhi Mind, we know it is beneficial, but
when desires arise, it is difficult to
overcome. Sometimes we
fall because of the ego, falling
into conflict, striving for
superiority, only for
ourselves, only because of a lack of love for
sentient beings, because of
insincerity, because of deceit. From
this, we see the grace of the Buddha, the
Buddha.  How great is our benevolent Father?
Today, here at the Tower of the
Transmission of the
Dharma Wheel, we see, with
our ignorance, that it is truly
difficult
to obtain the Dharma, truly difficult to transmit the
Dharma, truly
difficult. Even though it is so difficult, we
still humbly request to do it.
We humbly present to the Buddha our vow to practice obedience in order to
seek Supreme Enlightenment. We ask the Buddha to support us in this
life, so that we may also meet enlightened masters,
virtuous friends, and receive the blessings of Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and
holy monks to protect and
guide us so that we may
practice obedience and seek Supreme Enlightenment.
We have received the Dharma of
our benevolent Father. We, as lay practitioners,
also resolve to study the
Six Harmonious Dharmas in this life.
If we study, we will only study the Six
Harmonious Dharmas. If we abandon anything, we will abandon worldly Dharmas and the
unwholesome nature of mind.
Having cast aside the defilements of the world, those who are
learned should
follow the Six Harmonious Principles. Those who achieve success will
also attain noble minds, respect, gratitude, reverence, and service. From the Six Harmonious Principles, we humbly present to our benevolent Father that he sought the
Dharma only for the sake of sentient beings and transmitted the
Dharma to them.
Having received the Six Harmonious Principles from the
Venerable Monk Thich Truc
Thai Minh, a disciple of the Buddha, we are determined to
take the Dharma as our lamp and the precepts as our
teacher. We
will certainly examine our minds daily to see if we
have received the Dharma wheel of the Buddha's teachings,
if
our minds have been carried by the
Buddha's Dharma wheel, if the
Buddha has carried the
Dharma wheel to us,
by examining our minds and practicing the Six Harmonious Principles. So that
we may be the ones to receive the
Dharma wheel from the Buddha himself.
We humbly present to the Buddha his blessings
so that each of us may
cherish the Dharma, cherish it, and desire to have the
Buddha carry the Dharma wheel
for us.  We humbly beseech the
infinitely powerful Buddha, the Buddha, to guide
us in our
obedient conduct and our earnest
desire to attain Supreme Enlightenment. May he
transmit the Dharma to us, so that we may
daily
receive the Six Harmonious Teachings from the Buddha's power.
We humbly request the Buddha to bear witness to
our petition in this
gathering. We are
certain that there are some
Buddhists, though not many, who
hope that the Buddha will
daily transmit the Dharma to them. We receive the
Buddha's teachings by daily examining the Six Harmonious
Teachings
through
our studies:
examining the respectful mind in Harmony, examining the respectful speech in Harmony, examining the desire for liberation in Harmony of Precepts,
examining the diligent mind in Harmony of Understanding, examining the
loving-kindness in Harmony of Benefit, examining the
single-mindedness, examining the community, and
examining the
achievement of establishing a community for
ourselves in the future. With one heart, we rely
on the Three
Jewels and the present
community of the monks of Ba Vang Temple.
From there, we will cultivate harmony in body and mind, and practice together,
guided by our teacher, following in the footsteps of the
Tathagata.  Below are the virtuous and knowledgeable ones
encouraging
each other to receive the Dharma wheel of the
Buddha. We humbly beseech the Buddha to bear
witness to us. We
wholeheartedly practice the Six Harmonies, wishing to
practice the Dharma of the six fires. Receiving the
Dharma transmission from the Buddha, we
will refine
ourselves. We humbly
beseech the Buddha, our benevolent Father, to bear
witness and bless us
from this life to countless lifetimes until the
day we attain Supreme Enlightenment.
We earnestly
request the blessings of the Buddha,
our benevolent Father.
We humbly beseech the Buddha, our benevolent Father.
Today, the 4th pilgrimage of 2023, of
the Buddhist followers of the Quoc Hoang Club
practicing the Six Harmonies at Ba
Vang Pagoda, we come to this place where the
Buddha delivered the
Dharma teaching, the truth of
liberation, to us
[music].
Those who were fortunate enough
to receive the first Dharma teaching
were the five brothers, Cuu Tran Nhu
Luong, who attained
Arhatship and
liberation through that teaching. We humbly beseech the Buddha.
We humbly present to our Benevolent Father the image of the Buddha
walking around the stupa where the Buddha
delivered the Dharma to sentient beings. We
walk on our feet, in our
sandals, and circle around.
We
imagine the Buddha, our Benevolent Father,
walking barefoot, with three robes and
one
bowl,
alone, from Bodhi Gaya
to this place,
hundreds of
kilometers away. When we read, we
only see mention of the Buddha delivering the
Dharma, only mention of the benefits of the
Dharma. When we come
here, we
see that this is only a
small distance compared to the
Buddha, but for
us, it is a long and arduous journey.
Perhaps we only take a few
steps, do a little, and yet we feel
difficulty, we
feel it is immense.
The Buddha, when he turned towards us,
towards the happiness and benefit of sentient beings,
delivered the Dharma to us. We
don't see a single trace of the Buddha
speaking of
hardship. When we come
here, we contemplate each step of his journey.  The
Buddha, alone, the
Venerable One, holding his alms
bowl, walked leisurely day and
night, his mind focused only on the five brothers of the
Buddha, representing the focus on the
enlightenment of sentient beings, on the salvation of sentient beings from suffering. Yet
we, who
have received the Buddha's Dharma,
only know how to receive the Dharma,
never knowing the suffering in his body, the
overcoming of
suffering by the Buddha. We, unfilial children, living in this life, when enjoying the wealth and care of our parents, only see little, not much, never seeing the hardships of our parents. When we enter the Buddha's path, receiving the Buddha's teachings, living on the nourishment of the Dharma,
we still never think of the Buddha's hardships. We do not see the hardships of our
parents, so we do not appreciate what our parents
give
us. We do
not see the hardships of the Buddha, so we do not appreciate the Dharma.
Today, circumambulating the
stupa, we only contemplate a little.
The path
is just a
moment, and even thinking about that moment of the Buddha makes
us feel discouraged,
sometimes wanting to give up.
[Music]
Barefoot in the rain and cold,
barefoot in the sun, without a
hat, without shoes, without
possessions, without thinking about food, without thinking about sleep,
only thinking about the happiness of sentient beings. The
Buddha is the most karmic connection, the
only one, sacrificing for the benefit of sentient beings,
for the happiness of
sentient beings, never thinking about himself.
[Music]
He only sows the karmic seeds for sentient beings to enter the
path, only sows the karmic seeds for sentient beings to attain
liberation. The Buddha accepts that
sentient beings
may kill him, harm him,
cut off his hands, or mutilate
his flesh, all just so that sentient beings may attain
liberation.
Today, we are
here, where the Buddha imparted the Dharma.
We vow to be grateful for the Buddha's grace. We
hope that
from this karmic connection, remembering the Buddha's grace
today,
we will be diligent and
tireless in our practice. When we perform our duties, we will
absolutely obey
everything the Buddha
teaches. Currently, we...  We are practicing the
Six Harmonious Principles. We humbly request the Buddha to bear
witness and bless us,
those who have been practicing this Dharma for countless eons, so that we may be able to
practice the Dharma and the Six Harmonious
Principles. It is not in vain that the Buddha, who traveled through rain and storms for
three countless eons
to find the Dharma, to find the Wish-Fulfilling
Jewel for
us. The Dharma that the Buddha has given us is a
miraculous Wish-Fulfilling Jewel; whatever we desire, we can obtain.
Before this jewel, before this
Dharma, whatever we wish for, we can
attain happiness. The Buddha has
given us the Dharma, which is priceless. We humbly request the Buddha to bless us with
absolute obedience, so that
we may gradually
practice the Dharma. It is not in vain that the
Buddha has transmitted the Dharma to us.
We sincerely and wholeheartedly request the Buddha to bear witness and bless us. We ask the Buddha to grant us
many opportunities, to grant us wisdom,
so that we may see the Buddha's grace,
see the Buddha's hardships and sacrifices, and be
diligent. We sincerely and wholeheartedly pray.  We
respectfully beseech the Buddha to witness and bless us. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni,
we respectfully beseech you, our benevolent Father of all beings. For countless eons, you
have practiced the Bodhisattva path, cultivating
compassion to
have the necessary conditions to gather the
assembly after your enlightenment, to deliver the
first Dharma teaching to all beings. For countless
eons, you disregarded life and
pain,
cutting away at the bones and flesh of young children to give
alms to sentient beings, solely for the sake
of that one being who
would be the
one to whom you would deliver the first Dharma teaching
to humans, gods, and all creatures.
We realize the truth: for
countless eons, no one has ever loved us like you,
no one has ever loved sentient beings like
you. Even as parents, we
cannot do that. We can
speak of it, but we cannot do it. We
contemplate that it requires a
love, a
vow, yet we have not even touched it—that
is, great compassion—to be able to
cut away at one's own flesh
for
sentient beings, to relieve their hunger.
We cannot do that.
Currently, we cannot do it, we have not yet done it.
We see that
only you and the
Buddhas possess such boundless compassion,
and
indeed, your vows are so vast and
sublime that we cannot
fully express them in worldly words.
We can never fully describe it—the act of
cutting flesh, collecting blood, cutting flesh from children's
bones—we only think of
that feeling.
We feel a
little of
your love for sentient beings, for
us. Therefore, you are truly our
Benevolent Father. As parents, we also lead
our children to create evil
karma and suffer evil consequences in the three
evil realms. Only your sacrifice
is entirely for us, for all sentient beings,
leading us
to the end of
suffering. Therefore, today, we sincerely and respectfully bow to
our Benevolent Father, the Benevolent Father whom
we have only met and felt a little of your merit from countless eons to this lifetime. We feel
how many more eons of
cultivation are needed to attain Supreme Enlightenment,
how much effort, how
much blood and flesh,
how much
pain—all of it is a sacrifice solely for the
happiness of all sentient beings.
Today, we, the Buddhist devotees
of the 2023 pilgrimage group number 3
of the Golden National Club practicing the Six Harmonies at
Ba Vang Pagoda, respectfully express our gratitude and reverence. We humbly
pray and make our vows: We will
never leave our Father.
We will forever be by our Father's side,
forever enjoying His blessings and
happiness. We do not want to leave
because leaving Him would lead us
to
suffering. We humbly ask Him to bear
witness to us
and accept
us, even though we have evil
karma, our hearts at
this moment are completely focused on Him.
We ask Him to accept
our karmic connection, support us, and
guide us out of
suffering. We humbly
[music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully address our Father, who
for countless beings has sacrificed his life, his
blood, and his
flesh for countless lifetimes, seeking the true Dharma
for sentient beings and spreading the true Dharma
to save them from suffering.
Today, we, the Buddhist devotees,
have tasted the
sweetness of the true
Dharma.  We have more or less seen the
benefits of the Dharma. We
have practiced the Dharma as
lay practitioners. Our minds have been
freed from afflictions, and our living conditions
have become less anxious and
difficult. We believe
that the Buddha's Dharma will bring
absolute happiness, free from all
afflictions and complete peace. The
Buddha's Dharma will purify our minds,
removing all defilements and making them completely pure.
Today, we, the Buddhist practitioners of the Quoc Vang Club,
practicing the six disciplines
under the guidance of his disciple, our teacher, Venerable Thich Chuc
Thai
Minh, have come
here to offer garlands to the
Buddha,
to the noble Dharma, and to the holy Sangha.
We pray that the Dharma will endure for a
long time.
We pray that
we and all
sentient beings may practice the Dharma and attain
happiness.
Today, our thoughts are directed towards the
Buddha, towards the day when the
Buddha's Dharma
appears in the world. We
think of the Buddha turning the
wheel of Dharma to save us all.  Suffering
for all beings, enlightenment for all beings.
We, with sincere hearts, offer this garland of flowers as a tribute. We humbly beseech the
Buddha to witness our devotion and bless
us so that for all eternity, we may follow the
path that the Buddha has walked, diligently practicing the
Dharma that the Buddha has brought to us. We
pray that the Buddha will
support us, so that in every lifetime,
wherever we may be born, we may
encounter the true Dharma,
meet enlightened masters,
meet Buddhas, meet disciples
of Buddhas, and support us in our
practice. We vow to diligently practice
to attain Supreme Enlightenment to repay the Buddha's kindness. We humbly beseech the Buddha to
witness and accept our merciful
promise to
guide and support us in our practice
until the day we achieve Supreme Enlightenment,
as the Buddha has always hoped for us
and all beings. With sincere hearts, we offer this garland of
flowers as a
tribute. Namo Tathagata, the Perfectly Enlightened One, the Perfectly Enlightened One, the World-Enlightened One, the Supreme One, the Great Man, the Teacher of Gods and
Humans, the Buddha, the World-Enlightened One.  Namo
Tathagata, the Buddha, the Supreme Being, the King of Gods and Humans, the
Buddha, the World Honored One.
Namo Tathagata, the Buddha, the Supreme Being, the King of Gods and Humans, the King of Gods and
Humans, the
World Honored One.
[Music]
This is the stone pillar of King Ashoka marking the
sacred sites of the Buddha. This
marks the sacred site where the Buddha turned the Wheel of Dharma.
King Ashoka, as we hear in the sutras, was named King Asuka. He
was a young boy who offered a lot of earth to the
Buddha's alms bowl. That boy was
playing with earth, building walls and
ramparts like we used to when we were children. Then he
saw the Buddha. The
Buddha was holding an alms bowl,
going on alms rounds. The boy then took
a lot of earth, threw it into the
Buddha's alms bowl, and vowed that he would one
day become a king who liked to build walls and ramparts.
The Buddha then
blessed him, saying that he would one day become a king.  The king,
meaning after the Buddha's Nirvana,
more than 100 years, almost 200 years later, this boy
would be
the one to preserve the Dharma, to uphold the
teachings and propagate the Dharma. So,
after the Buddha's passing, more than
100 years, almost 200 years later, this boy
would surely receive the karmic reward of being
reborn
as a human, as the son of a king. He would be the son of a
king, but only a second son,
not the eldest. From the beginning, he would be
looked down upon, not
valued or respected. His older brother should have
been king, but later,
this younger brother still had the good fortune to become king.
The merit of offering a handful of earth, isn't that great? The merit of offering a handful of earth, is
n't that great, dear fellow practitioners? It's very
good, sowing seeds of karma and making vows.
So, when he was a prince,
the countries were already in war and
chaos.
Later, when he became king, he
unified those small countries into one
large country, India. In the time of
our Buddha, that was one country.  Just
one of our small cities,
connected together, yet unified into a
large country. He was a very cruel king, very
wicked. That cruelty was due to his karma,
and it was also karma and destiny that allowed him to
unify those countries. Because
after the Buddha's passing,
after a while, Buddhism
faded away because of the large number of heretics. And with all the holy
monks having passed away, Buddhism faded away.
At that time, heretics became
very powerful. Then this man
built a labyrinth. The congregation
heard the master's teachings and built the labyrinth.
That means the outside scenery is very
beautiful, but anyone who comes there is captured and taken
inside. Inside is a hellish scene of
torture, with all kinds of
punishments until death – it's
their game, their amusement. One day, a
monk came along, saw the beautiful scenery, and while
on his alms-gathering journey, sat down to rest. He was
captured and taken into
this labyrinth. Once inside, he was told that in seven
days, the
tortures would begin.  There are different levels of
hell within it. This monk
knows he will die in 7 days, but if he diligently
practices until the day before his death, he
will attain Arhatship, the attainment of
sainthood. So, according to the Buddha's teachings,
sometimes he can attain it in 7 days, 3
months, or 3 years, but it requires great
effort, a very, very great effort, and it also
depends on his past good karma.
Otherwise, attaining a
lower level of enlightenment is also good, isn't it,
everyone? So, when the jailer gives the monk the task of execution, he
should throw him
into a cauldron of boiling oil. The
monk should sit cross-legged on top, above
and below, comfortably unharmed. The
jailer then calls the king, who, being
very
eager to learn, asks, "What kind of
Dharma does this monk possess? What kind of Dharma is this that allows me to
practice like this?" The
monk then attains Arhatship, and the jailer
explains the Dharma to him, and tells
him about his past lives and causes.
Thus, the king begins his practice.  After taking refuge in the Buddha,
he became a disciple. At that time,
he became a completely virtuous person,
greatly loved by the people. At
each sacred site of the Buddha, he
built a round stone pillar—this is
his pillar. In
India, after that, King Asuka
had two children, a prince and
a princess, who both
attained enlightenment and liberation. He
expanded all the places where he
collected relics, dividing them into
84,000 stupas.
In each place with a population of one million, he
would build a stupa for the people to come and
worship the Buddha.
He preserved and supported
Buddhism, and supported the monks in traveling
to other countries to spread the Dharma. That's why
the people of India
named a tree after
Asuka, so the Buddha's teachings are so wonderful.  Why was he
born in India? It has all the necessary conditions,
and the Buddha was in India. He was a
historical figure, a prince of
a country, and then he was recognized by a king—a
king whose name is historically significant
because he unified the land.
Therefore, he was recognized, and so was the Buddha.
Wherever he went,
people commemorated both him and the
Buddha. So, it
exists alongside the Indian people. Is
n't that wonderful?
His name is also the name of a tree in India
that people often plant for shade; it's
called the Ashoka tree.
Therefore, we are very grateful to King Ashoka; he must be considered a saint. Is
n't that wonderful? It's extremely wonderful. Going to India is so
great.
When we read the scriptures, we see the truth. As
we read,
our whole being absorbs the Dharma,
right? For example, we say that the
Buddha turned the Dharma for five years.  The brothers Kieu
Tran Nhu are in the Deer Park. So, a
tower appears in our heads, and a
deer appears, right? The Deer Park is all
real, you know. So now, in the
Jeta Grove, whatever scriptures we recite,
we will remember them, and naturally, in the
next life, we will not be able to forget the Buddha's
teachings. That's why the Buddha
taught that the four sacred places of the Buddha
are places where his disciples go to worship and make offerings, creating a feeling of attachment. Attachment
means coming often, but the
problem is that we are too far away and don't have the
financial means to come often, right? But the
Buddha taught that at least once in a lifetime, a
person should come here, his disciples. The
Buddha advised that by coming here,
we achieve faith, and through
achieving faith, we will resolve our
doubts about the Buddha.  The pressure is increasing,
right? That's why we will strive diligently.
It's a karmic connection that will allow us to strive diligently for many lifetimes,
dear friends. (
Applause to praise Asuka!) Then, we rejoice in the
merits of Vuka. Therefore, we say that
we have awakened the Bodhi Mind to protect the Three Jewels and
spread the Buddha's teachings throughout the world,
but we are still smaller than Mr. Vuka. Is
n't that right? He does one thing that keeps the true
Dharma enduring in the world, while we
Buddhists have only practiced for one month. We only
practice according to circumstances. That's seven days. I pray to
practice according to circumstances.
See, if we want to receive high blessings, we
must practice diligently, isn't that right, dear
friends? If we weren't born in the time of the Buddha, we would have less
blessings and less karmic connection, and we wouldn't be able to be in the
Buddha's presence. So we must protect the Sangha,
protect the Three Jewels. The Buddha taught us how to
preserve the true Dharma. We
must do it to show the compassion of the Buddha. He
has taught us the method that
future generations can still perform meritorious
deeds. If we don't do it, if we
just rely on circumstances and rejoice, who knows when
we will ever achieve it?  Only then can one obtain the
blessing of becoming a king and protecting the Dharma like
King Asuka,
like Emperor Tran Nhan Tong, is
n't that right? If we want that, we must
accumulate wealth to take to the next life.
What kind of accumulation is that? Accumulating wealth in many
lifetimes of toil and suffering? In this life, we have
a drunkard husband, a
philanderer husband, and a child who gambles and plays the lottery.
That's the accumulated wealth. That's the cause, and
we reap the consequences in this life.
Accumulate the cause like King
Asuka, who has a lot of land. And
then he accumulates so many
stone pillars and so many Buddhist stupas. That's what you
call accumulation, isn't it? He is
considered a protector of the Sangha, very
wonderful! We must learn from him!
[Music]
C
K [
Music]
Wherever we go, we should try to accumulate some
merit, dear congregation.
This is called the garden of the Buddha. [Music] Dear fellow
practitioners, this is the garden of the
Buddha who turned the Wheel of Dharma.
Here, only a part of the sacred relics have been unearthed; the
relics are
very vast. Dear congregation.  So, they
only built on the outside, and inside
they let the deer live there.
They probably
take the antlers of these deer, right? The people
here don't kill animals, and
weasels, squirrels, monkeys live
comfortably. Dogs live comfortably too. Cows
live comfortably. All the animals
live comfortably. Birds and guinea pigs are
never shot, so there are
many of them. So today, at this deer-side,
we're doing a
small act of charity, giving grass to the deer to eat. We're forming a
karmic connection with them for many
lifetimes, so we can practice together and support their
practice. So they'll never be
shot again, and then they'll become
Buddhas. Look here, An!
[Music] [Applause] [Music] [
Applause] [
Music] [Applause] [Music] Thank you, thank you,
thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
Buddhists, give your opinions  Our Golden Chrysanthemum Club
is everywhere, there's always a little bit of it,
people giving mattresses to prisoners and
blessings, people in the Buddhist community
[music]